Q. Why are you applying for Financial Aid?

A: I am applying for financial aid as neither my family nor I are financially afloat to make the payment to be made in US dollars that is required to enroll in the course and pay on a monthly basis. 
My dad was the major breadwinner of the family, until last year when the pandemic started and he was laid off from the job he was at, along with several others. Since then, our family has gone through and is on-going severe financial crunch and constraints, including asking for loans from relatives to pay the bills and buy groceries. 
And, I had to drop out of the university that I was enrolled in here in Bangladesh, as paying the tuition fees per semester became too much of a cost to bear for my family, having lost the source of income since March of last year. I, on the other hand help out the family pay a few bills with the small amount of money I make tutoring 2 students, and there goes all the money, leaving me absolute bare handed by the end. 
Therefore, applying for financial aid to enroll in courses to keep my flow of studies going seems to be the only feasible option for quality education. I know there are tons of free online resources and courses available out there, but they are not as complete and comprehensive as the paid ones such as this one. Therefore, I hope the Coursera team would be kind enough to grant me this financial aid, so that I may keep learning and hope for a better future after having dropping out of college.  

//

Q. How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?

A: I had the good fortune of doing the first course out of this 8-course program for free, as it was covered from the basic plan of the account I was given from my university that I dropped out of. I have to say that this course has completely exceeded expectations in terms of the course content, the quality of the materials and the excellent instructors, and since this is from Google, I know that the standard will be as stellar as it was for the first course throughout the rest of the eight-course series. 
I believe that taking this course and several other free courses that I am enrolled in will help me gain an in-depth knowledge about the subject matter and hopefully help me land an entry-level data analyst job. 
Yes, there are several free resources out there that do cover the subject matter, but they do not do so as a whole, and not as complete and comprehensive as required to gain an in-depth knowledge required for a career. As well as, this course helps in building a resume and portfolio that can be used to present to apply for jobs.
Having landed a job (hopefully) after completion of the courses would certainly turn my life around and especially for the people around me (my family). I can then provide better (financially) for my family and be out of the financial crunch and constraint that we have been on since the start of the pandemic last year and make up for the pool of anxiety that I am swimming in for having dropped out of college.    


//


Q. Would you consider using a low-interest loan to pay for your courses? If you answered no, please help us understand why.

A: As aforementioned, my family or I are in no way financially afloat to make any payments in US dollars or otherwise using an international credit card, which is why I had to drop out of college in the first place, as we are unable to pay for my semester tuitions. On top of that, making the small payments for these courses comes as a challenge too, which is why I am applying for financial assistance. Having stated that, considering a low-interest loan sounds too far-fetched for me personally.
